= prawnlabels

* http://github.com/nmbooker/prawnlabels

== DESCRIPTION:

PrawnLabels is designed to produce sheets of labels in PDF format.
You set up your label Template (probably just copying some parameters from
a glabels template), create a Generator and add labels to it.  Each
label can contain anything you like as long as it fits within the confines
of a label as defined by the Template.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* It's currently hard to specify a template, and there's only one template included and that's hard-coded.  Ideally we want to get to a point where it can read templates from glabels which has an extensive list already defined.
* The API isn't currently set in stone, and the file layout definitely isn't!

== SYNOPSIS:

  require 'prawnlabels'
  g = PrawnLabels::Generator.new(PrawnLabels::Templates.get('Avery', '7160'))
  # Fill a 21-label sheet with the same address
  21.times do
    g.add_label do |pdf|
      pdf.text("10 Hello world")
      pdf.text("District")
      pdf.text("Town")
      pdf.text("County")
      pdf.text("Postcode")
      pdf.text("Country")
    end
  end
  g.render_file("test.pdf")

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Ruby 1.9
* prawn (and its dependencies)

== INSTALL:

From downloaded repository:
* rake install_gem

Or you can download a gem from the downloads page and install it with, for example:
* gem install prawnlabels-0.0.3.gem

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Nick Booker <NMBooker@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
